Add formatting instruction with `pre-commit` (#2)
brainglobe/bg-gitbook: cellfinder/contributing/dev-conventions.md

## Formatting

> `cellfinder` uses [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), [Flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) and [mypy](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to ensure a consistent code style. Please run `pre-commit install` prior to working on the code to ensure that these tests are run on each commit.

Reviewer: Something like this maybe?
```suggestion
`cellfinder` uses [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), [Flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/), [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) and [mypy](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to ensure a consistent code style. You may need to run `pre-commit install` prior to working on the code to ensure that these tests are run on each commit if you haven't [installed as `[dev]`](https://docs.brainglobe.info/cellfinder/contributing/dev-install).
```

Author: good idea

> 

Reviewer: Should we recommend to developers to `pip install -e .[dev]` (which will automatically install `pre-commit` IIUC) instead or in addition to recommending the installation of `pre-commit` here?

Author: Good question, I guess technically you don't have to install everything to be able to play with `pre-commit` but if you're developing then it makes sense to have everything
